# CS-340
# How do you write maintainable, readable, and adaptable programs? Please consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

Writing maintainable, readable, and adaptable programs involves modulated, well-commented code. Succinct comments make code readable and allow other programmers to understand the purpose and functionality of written code. Making the project modulated allows the individual modules to be reused as necessary. For example, the CRUD module may be adapted to fit any MongoDB and thus is easily reusable to perform CRUD actions in any DB.

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Please look at how you came to the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare asked for. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet different client requests?

The first step in approaching a problem as a computer scientist is to understand the project's expectations and requirements. Once this is achieved, a design can be formed to fill these requirements. These are the exact strategies I have employed throughout the challenges of this course. The front-end development of this project was the most difficult challenge for me to overcome. The project leverages the dash framework to code HTML directly within a Python script, and I have not had much experience with HTML, so learning the syntax was a unique challenge for this course that I overcame by researching the format and using past examples posted on public repositories such as this one. Hopefully, my explanations and code can help others overcome similar challenges. 

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company like Grazioso Salvare to do its work better?
Computer work involves solving problems and assisting others in completing their duties. The original CSV file the database was loaded from was unusable in its current form to the company's employees. The CRUD module and dash table/graphics allow users to view and filter the animals stored in the database. This will allow employees to see the locations and breeds of rescue animals more efficiently in the database.
